---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opensearch Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# opensearch Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "opensearch" {
  endpoints = "https://192.168.122.165:9200,https://192.168.122.166:9200"
  ca_cert = "../shared/opensearch-ca.pem"
  client_cert = "../shared/opensearch-admin.pem"
  client_key = "../shared/opensearch-admin.key"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **ca_cert** (String) File that contains the CA certificate that signed the opensearch servers' certificates. Can alternatively be set with the OPENSEARCH_CACERT environment variable. Can also be omitted.
- **client_cert** (String) File that contains the client certificate used to authentify the user. Can alternatively be set with the OPENSEARCH_CERT environment variable. Can be omitted if password authentication is used.
- **client_key** (String) File that contains the client encryption key used to authentify the user. Can alternatively be set with the OPENSEARCH_KEY environment variable. Can be omitted if password authentication is used.
- **connection_timeout** (String) Timeout to establish the opensearch servers connection in golang duration format. Defaults to 10 seconds.
- **endpoints** (String) Endpoints of the opensearch servers. The entry of each server should follow the http|https://ip:port format and be coma separated. Can alternatively be set with the OPENSEARCH_ENDPOINTS environment variable.
- **password** (String, Sensitive) Password of the opensearch user that will be used to access opensearch. Can alternatively be set with the OPENSEARCH_PASSWORD environment variable. Can also be omitted if tls certificate authentication will be used instead.
- **request_timeout** (String) Timeout for individual requests the provider makes on the opensearch servers in golang duration format. Defaults to 10 seconds.
- **retries** (Number) Number of times operations that result in retriable errors should be re-attempted. Defaults to 10.
- **username** (String) Name of the opensearch user that will be used to access opensearch. Can alternatively be set with the OPENSEARCH_USERNAME environment variable. Can also be omitted if tls certificate authentication will be used instead as the username will be infered from the certificate.
